docs: restructure release lifecycle (edit/review distinction + post-sync step) (#523)
camaraproject/ReleaseManagement: documentation/release-process/terminology.md

**Release pointer branch:** A branch (`release/rX.Y` for public releases, `pre-release/rX.Y` for pre-releases) created by the automation at the release tag commit. Prevents the GitHub "commit does not belong to any branch" warning when browsing the tag tree view.

> **Release-review branch:** The editable branch created by the automation at snapshot time, named `release-review/rX.Y-<snapshot-id>`. Where `CHANGELOG-rX.md` is completed during release review. Deleted by the automation on `/publish-release`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Release-review branch:** An editable branch created by the automation at snapshot time, named `release-review/rX.Y-<snapshot-id>`. The `CHANGELOG-rX.md` is completed here during release review. This branch is deleted by the automation when `/publish-release` is run.
```
